Update guide to reference 'Studio' instead of 'Develop' (#8526)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/mesh-qs.md

In this section of the guide, you will set the "Jaffle | Data Analytics" project as your foundational project using the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />.

> 1. First, navigate to the **Studio** page to verify your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First, navigate to the **<Constant name="cloud_ide"/>** page to verify your setup.
```
